1. DATA TYPES
  JavaScript has 8 Datatypes
1. String , 2. Number, 3. Boolean, 4. Object, 5. Functions
2. Number
3. Bigint
4. Boolean
5. Undefined
6. Null
7. Symbol
8. Object

The Object Datatype
The object data type can contain:

1. An object
2. An array
3. A date

1. STRING
Strings are written with quotes. You can use single or double quotes

2. NUMBER
All JavaScript numbers are stored as decimal numbers (floating point).

Numbers can be written with, or without decimals:

3.BOOLEAN
Booleans can only have two values: true or false.

4. ARRAY
JavaScript arrays are written with square brackets.

5. OBJECT
JavaScript objects are written with curly braces {}.

6. FUNCTION
function is a block of statement which gets executed whenever we call it.
// reusability


ARRAY
* arrays is a built-in datastructure 
* that allows us to store more than one item (dissimilar) 
* in a consecutive memory locations

  KEY VALUES
// Javascript object representation allows us to store
// multiple values in the form of key:value
// the key values acts as an index
// the keys and values does not necessarily in consecutive memory locations

JSON
JSON: JavaScript Object Notation string
// is a lightweight data interchange format to exchange between a server and a web application


FUNCTION TYPES
1. named function
2. nameless function or anonymous function
3. Arrow function
 4. IIFE: Immediately Invoked Function Expression


HOISTING
its a mechanism where the variable and function declarations are moved to the top of their containing scope
// we can use the variables and functions before they are declared

GLOBAL SCOPE
// scope refers to the visibility or accessibility of variables, functions and objects

DESTRUCTURING
destructuring is for extracting the values from the arrays or objects into distinct variables

SPREAD AND REST OPERATORS
spread operator and rest operator are denoted by '...'
// spread is for expanding an iterable (array or object) to individual elements

// rest is used in function parameters to represent infinite number of arguments into an array

VARIABLES
 1. LET
//  re-declarations allowed

// re-assignment

2. VAR
 variables are changeables
// variables are labels that points to a memory location

3. CONST
constants are the ones whose values once defined can't be changed.

SCOPES
JavaScript has 3 types of scope:

BLOCK SCOPE

ES6 introduced two important new JavaScript keywords: let and const.

These two keywords provide Block Scope in JavaScript.


FUNCTION SCOPE

Each function creates a new scope.

Variables defined inside a function are not accessible (visible) from outside the function.

Variables declared with var, let and const are quite similar when declared inside a function.

They all have Function Scope:


GLOBAL SCOPE
Global variables can be accessed from anywhere in a JavaScript program.

ARROW FUNCTIONS
Arrow functions were introduced in ES6.

Arrow functions allow us to write shorter function syntax:

let myFunction = (a, b) => a * b;

Note: This works only if the function has only one statement.

PROTOTYPE 
        - It allows us to add methods and properties to objects
        - It also allows us to enable inheritance and sharing of behavior between the objects

CONSTRUCTOR
The constructor method is a special method of a class for creating and initializing an object instance of that class.

MAP, FILTER, REDUCE

Map
The map() method is used for creating a new array from an existing one, applying a function to each one of the elements of the first array.

Filter
The filter() method takes each element in an array and it applies a conditional statement against it.
If this conditional returns true, the element gets pushed to the output array. 
If the condition returns false, the element does not get pushed to the output array.

Reduce
The reduce() method reduces an array of values down to just one value. 
To get the output value, it runs a reducer function on each element of the array.


